Update code editors and dealing with files (#37484)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/getting_started/environment_setup/dealing_with_files/index.md

2. Create a new folder in this location called `web-projects`:
   1. On Windows, this can be done by selecting the _New_ button in the File Explorer window and selecting _Folder_ (or pressing <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>N</kbd>), typing in `web-projects` as the name of the new folder icon that appears, and pressing <kbd>Enter</kbd>/<kbd>Return</kbd>.
   2. On macOS, this can be done by selecting _File_ > _New Folder_ on the Finder menu (or pressing <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>N</kbd>) — you'll see a new folder appear called _untitled folder_. Click on the folder name to start editing it, type in `web-projects`, and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>/<kbd>Return</kbd>.

If you make a typo, you can edit the folder name to correct it (this also works with files):

- On Windows, right-click the folder, select _Rename_ from the menu, then edit it. Some Windows versions have a simplified menu that shows initially — you might have to right-click, then select _Show more options_, then select _Rename_!
- On macOS, click on/select the folder name to edit it.

### Opening a project folder and creating files in VS Code

> While you can create text files inside the OS file system UI, it is generally easier and less error-prone to create them inside your code editor. In fact, VS Code has its own file explorer that allows you to create all the folders and files you need for your web projects.

Reviewer: Should we mention anything here about being careful not to edit things on your system in dangerous places? Like make sure you're editing or doing search/replace in the correct directory and not overwriting anything important (work in `~/code/projects` place or something?)

Reviewer: You already mention something down below, just worth considering if you think it might avoid some trouble.

Author: Good call. I've added a couple of warnings in appropriate places, just to try to bomb-proof it a bit more.

1. Create a new folder inside `web-projects`, using the VS Code _EXPLORER_ pane's _New Folder..._ button.
2. Name it `test-site`.
3. You should now be able to drag the `index.html` file and drop it on top of the `test-site` folder to move the file inside the folder.
   > [!NOTE]
   > If you are a keyboard user, you can do this by following these steps:
   >
   > 1. Use the up and down arrow keys to move the focus outline over the `index.html` file.
   > 2. Press <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> on macOS (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> on Windows) to select the file for moving.
   > 3. Use the arrow keys to move the focus outline over the folder.
   > 4. Press <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> on macOS (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> on Windows) to move the file into that folder.

There is way more we could include about using OS file system UIs and VS Code, but we have limited space, so we'll leave it there for now. This has given you enough information to get started, and we encourage you to search the web for information on how to do other things with files and folders.

Let's move on to a brief discussion of website structure.

## What structure should a website have?

> When you are working on websites locally on your computer, you should keep all the related files for each site in a single folder. In turn, you should keep all your website folders in one central folder, so they are all easy to find.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are working on websites locally (on your computer), you should keep all the related files for each site in a single folder. In turn, you should keep all your website folders in one central folder, so they are all easy to find.
```

### Best practices for naming files

As you follow this course, you'll notice that we always ask you to name folders and files completely in lowercase with no spaces. There are many ways in which using spaces in file and folder names creates issues — some of the more common ones are as follows:

1. Many computer systems, including most web servers, are case-sensitive. So for example, if you put an image on your website at `test-site/images/MyImage.jpg` and then in a different file you try to reference the image with `test-site/images/myimage.jpg`, it may not work.
2. When you invoke commands on the command line, you have to put quotes around file names with spaces in them, otherwise they will be interpreted as two separate items.
3. Some programming languages (for example, Python) do not work well with spaces in file names in certain circumstances (for example, if these files are modules to be imported).

> 4. File names commonly map to web addresses/URLs. If you, for example, have a file called `my file.html` in your server's root folder, generally it will be accessible at a URL like `https://example.com/my%20file.html`. Web servers usually replace the spaces in filenames with `%20` (the character code for spaces in URLs), which can create subtle bugs with some systems if they assume that file names and URLs match perfectly.

Reviewer: I think it's probably okay to introduce this term for the brave:

```suggestion
4. File names commonly map to web addresses/URLs. If you, for example, have a file called `my file.html` in your server's root folder, generally it will be accessible at a URL like `https://example.com/my%20file.html`. Web servers usually replace the spaces in filenames with `%20` (because URLs are {{Glossary("Percent-encoding", "percent-encoded")}}), which can create subtle bugs with some systems if they assume that file names and URLs match perfectly.
```
